is the name of the board
we know they traveled together and that's good
finally everything passed away already as
you did to handle such a situation
difficult to receive your grandparents and that
die all in italy like
you did to handle a situation
so complicated and painful family
it was tremendous blow and that trip with my
grandfather like three months we planned it
it was not easy at all or he did not have
passport nor my grandmother either from
from there everything we plan we
took pictures of the suitcases
of everything they were doing for the
trip imagine that tonight I
they traveled I did not sleep I think that was
neither in my family nor thinking
in which I that cappa were asked in the
coves were very large
we also had the precaution that it
do medical check-ups before traveling
all that I could travel as well and
nothing and I travel not know why after
I found out he did a lot of
farewells in Argentina or all
retired club friends what
dismissed the family dismissed him
obviously with the excuse of the trip
they came to stay almost three months in my
house and good nothing all fired him
came the best thing is that I did not sleep that night
nothing else start quiet good get
Well, the air had given them a cell phone
so that I can call you in the
scale that my grandmother did not even know
learn poor I had to nerves like that
that nothing when I'm going to look for it
Excitement airport by luck and
necessary that I am always with the
phone in his hand he took a picture that
today is that photo that I have left of
the last photo of memories because
we went home
good the costumes with more and the airport
I was already exhausted because there was no
asleep all night but he had like
that anxiety and I wanted to talk about wanting
tell safer method let's sleep
very soccer player holidays
napping today did not get my
grandparents fat mission you have three months yo
I do not prefer the mortal with them and I
I stayed with them you gave them the first
we take mate in the kitchen and mocking
rest I did not want and not so good them
I made a paste with pesto and it 's
well the table that came out good now yes
anda is to sing that if I am and after
never again did he wake up from this
party that accompanies you to sleep and the
late when I look for my children the
garden and I returned that my son Valentino
I said I want to see Grandpa's grandfather
imagine that he was doing a lot of time
that he was saying tomorrow, the
water and grandpa's morning
I see it for valentine the me you know me
like grandpa at home and when is the
great - grandfather of the student was and when
I'll start, I'll wake up and
nothing after the worst that we have lived in
this life failed guys it was horrible all
the situation the truth that valentino
screaming because I have this railing
that protects so that children do not get
fall down the stairs
valentino screaming type movie by the
cost of that first see grandpa I
with all this situation in the plant
high they were in the plant
low and the worst that I have left my grandmother in
the ground floor go to face the truth
that have not become much seems like a
movie a tremendous movie what
you are counting but for your grandfather who
I already had him
83 the truth that I imagine the 83 them
Italy to travel to the dream of it
and being able to see you well you're fine
with your full family was also a
end let's say a person can
lie down is not explained absolutely
Nothing and the truth that in that place
where I wanted to be part of what
meant the same flight tier of
equality
tremendous for you when the truth that
at the time when we have to take out the
situation we are all shocked
excuse me to ask but thank you
to that lunch the three of them alone for me
well they are in the garden and more if I was
Sleeping the party but luckily
I stayed for lunch with him a lot is
dead the dream because it is not destiny
God who wanted it there and nothing and I
there are the words on the footballer and
Argentina grandfather I want to become like
strange
Y
and he told me not to have a
little more
that will hold on only I want him to come back
up, my grandfather is the only one
family that was from river I convinced him the
anzhí returns to river that I am
for this pile of things you this my
son is not not yet to return is
a time is a sacrifice and if it holds
I remember that after the last thing that I
He said
when and you miss Argentina so much
because if everything said a good
quality obviously supports you that maxi
Young you are missing a couple of years
still outside, I miss you so much
I ask because I have a sister who
them very far too and it puts what
what is suffering suffers will be removed by
more that they are having a great time and those who
we are here is not a drink patterns
Skype phone
a life in the distance the Argentines
we were raised so strange many
the family I miss my work in their
children and thank God I always have a
place to work and I like it
Obviously I do not win as a player
of soccer but but I am a grateful
of the work that I have in Argentina and what
I value and I know how difficult it is today
day because it's hard for everyone and me
I want to work and I want to try
fulfill all the jobs that I
offer and things and I have as a
social life here then it 's like it's
much more difficult for me the contrast
when I come back because the only thing
I do is the same thing that I do charge is to be
with the laws and with the family but
all the lights like they turn me off and
in that sense it 's like a fight
constant that I live does not tell you max and
nothing, the floor obviously I promised
that was going to be up
what is outside because obviously it is
difficult of his career is shorter than
the one that ours and today the villa paula
pregnant is we can
work pregnant thank God in
what we do is like
we always find a place and miss
much the laburo was the most much more
beyond the boys not because I think the
raising kids 9 years
work
raising the kids but that you
You can talk about ethical legal AIDS
I hear from the 4 years I work
beyond all the stupidities that
they always say that if you're going to
this with us four years ago that
work we consider very chiquititas
that I did boot making parades
my mom always accompanying them
looking at us taking situations
because we were full we started like
playing and every time he came back obviously
more serious and today is obviously the
my sister's support and it was mine
for a lot of time before
get married then nothing I miss
obviously arrived and that is what
I want to do what I like about
initial estimates that are going to say
it assails you that you have fun I love the
people the public